_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## Me

I'm Glenn Rempe, and I live with my wife and daughter in San Francisco, CA where
I work in the technology industry. If you wanted to learn *just a little more* about
me this is the place to do it.

I enjoy travel (50+ countries, five continents, more to go!), SCUBA diving, photography,
and continuously improving my technology and management skills.

Here you'll find links to some of the key sites I frequent, learn how
to [contact me](/contact/) securely using [strong encryption](/keys/),
read a few [blog posts](/blog/), see some recent open source [projects](/projects/) I've
been working on, or view my [Résumé](/resume/).

## This Site

### Goals

It was long past time to retire my previous homepage at
[rempe.us](https://www.rempe.us/), and update it with something a bit
more functional. In researching what technology I wanted to use I had a
few guiding principles. In a word, ***simplicity***.

* Keep the UX simple and **clean**
* Present a 'mobile first' **responsive** UI
* Stay lightweight and **fast** (< 500ms load time) even under extreme load
* **Secure** HTTPS/TLS only
* Provide **machine readable** sitemap and Atom RSS feeds
* Be secure and **impenetrable** to hacking and resistant to DDoS
* **Easily deployable** to production
* Simple content creation
* All content and code **versioned** in Git, with **signed** commits
* Require minimal or **no operational overhead** (web & database servers)
* Highly **cacheable** and global CDN friendly
* Entail **minimal cost**, free preferred

Keeping all of this in mind, *I believe I have achieved all of these goals*. Read on
to learn more about the technology choices I made along the way.

### The Technology Platform

#### Development

I currently do all development locally on a quad-core 15" Macbook Pro with Retina
Display, using the [Atom](https://atom.io) editor. I use
[Homebrew](http://brew.sh) to manage almost all of the various other development
dependencies.

#### Jekyll

The entire site is static HTML, CSS, and images that are generated by the
[Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) framework. All content is written in
[Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) and the
[Liquid](https://github.com/Shopify/liquid/wiki) templating language. The pages
that are generated are all standards compliant [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
with a [responsive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsive_web_design) mobile
first layout that allows the site to work equally well on your iPhone or your desktop.

All content and code is stored in a Git repository, hosted and publicly available
on Github @ [https://github.com/grempe/grempe.github.io](https://github.com/grempe/grempe.github.io)
and every commit is cryptographically [signed with my Blog Signing Key](/keys/).

#### Github Pages

All code and content changes are pushed to Github and the static site is generated
by [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com) automatically and hosted on my personal
Github page at [grempe.github.io](https://grempe.github.io/).

My DNS server is configured with the following records that point to Github servers:

{% highlight text %}
CNAME www.rempe.us -> grempe.github.io
A         rempe.us -> 192.30.252.153
A         rempe.us -> 192.30.252.154
{% endhighlight %}

With this DNS configuration, Github becomes the canonical host for [www.]rempe.us.
The rempe.us apex domain redirects to www.rempe.us

Github routes my content through the [Fastly.com](https://www.fastly.com/customers/github) CDN.

#### CloudFlare CDN

I use [CloudFlare](https://www.cloudflare.com/overview/) to:

* Manage my DNS records
* Serve as my primary CDN
* Terminate both IPv4 and IPv6 connections
* Provide SSL/TLS certificate for [www.]rempe.us
* Provide DDoS Attack prevention
* Prevent malicious visitors from scraping
* Serve HTTP 1.1, HTTP/2 + SPDY client connections
* Serve all content with [HSTS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security) (6 month expiry)
* Continue serving the site in case Github goes down

CloudFlare DNS is configured to route requests for [www.]rempe.us through
its own CDN first and caches all content automatically.

Using CloudFlare SSL/TLS certificates I am able to achieve an [**A+** SSL/TLS test
rating from Qualys SSL Labs](https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html?d=rempe.us&latest)
for both IPv4 and IPv6 connections to [www.]rempe.us.

#### Proof of Ownership

I [host a signed certificate on this site and domain](https://www.rempe.us/keybase.txt)
that allows you to cryptographically verify that I control all content here.
You can verify using [keybase.io/grempe](https://keybase.io/grempe).

Commit message:

Add CSP description to about page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## Me

I'm Glenn Rempe, and I live with my wife and daughter in San Francisco, CA where
I work in the technology industry. If you wanted to learn *just a little more* about
me this is the place to do it.

I enjoy travel (50+ countries, five continents, more to go!), SCUBA diving, photography,
and continuously improving my technology and management skills.

Here you'll find links to some of the key sites I frequent, learn how
to [contact me](/contact/) securely using [strong encryption](/keys/),
read a few [blog posts](/blog/), see some recent open source [projects](/projects/) I've
been working on, or view my [Résumé](/resume/).

## This Site

### Goals

It was long past time to retire my previous homepage at
[rempe.us](https://www.rempe.us/), and update it with something a bit
more functional. In researching what technology I wanted to use I had a
few guiding principles. In a word, ***simplicity***.

* Keep the UX simple and **clean**
* Present a 'mobile first' **responsive** UI
* Stay lightweight and **fast** (< 500ms load time) even under extreme load
* **Secure** HTTPS/TLS only
* Provide **machine readable** sitemap and Atom RSS feeds
* Be secure and **impenetrable** to hacking and resistant to DDoS
* **Easily deployable** to production
* Simple content creation
* All content and code **versioned** in Git, with **signed** commits
* Require minimal or **no operational overhead** (web & database servers)
* Highly **cacheable** and global CDN friendly
* Entail **minimal cost**, free preferred

Keeping all of this in mind, *I believe I have achieved all of these goals*. Read on
to learn more about the technology choices I made along the way.

### The Technology Platform

#### Development

I currently do all development locally on a quad-core 15" Macbook Pro with Retina
Display, using the [Atom](https://atom.io) editor. I use
[Homebrew](http://brew.sh) to manage almost all of the various other development
dependencies.

#### Jekyll

The entire site is static HTML, CSS, and images that are generated by the
[Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) framework. All content is written in
[Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) and the
[Liquid](https://github.com/Shopify/liquid/wiki) templating language. The pages
that are generated are all standards compliant [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
with a [responsive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsive_web_design) mobile
first layout that allows the site to work equally well on your iPhone or your desktop.

All content and code is stored in a Git repository, hosted and publicly available
on Github @ [https://github.com/grempe/grempe.github.io](https://github.com/grempe/grempe.github.io)
and every commit is cryptographically [signed with my Blog Signing Key](/keys/).

#### Github Pages

All code and content changes are pushed to Github and the static site is generated
by [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com) automatically and hosted on my personal
Github page at [grempe.github.io](https://grempe.github.io/).

My DNS server is configured with the following records that point to Github servers:

{% highlight text %}
CNAME www.rempe.us -> grempe.github.io
A         rempe.us -> 192.30.252.153
A         rempe.us -> 192.30.252.154
{% endhighlight %}

With this DNS configuration, Github becomes the canonical host for [www.]rempe.us.
The rempe.us apex domain redirects to www.rempe.us

Github routes my content through the [Fastly.com](https://www.fastly.com/customers/github) CDN.

#### CloudFlare CDN

I use [CloudFlare](https://www.cloudflare.com/overview/) to:

* Manage my DNS records
* Serve as my primary CDN
* Terminate both IPv4 and IPv6 connections
* Provide SSL/TLS certificate for [www.]rempe.us
* Provide DDoS Attack prevention
* Prevent malicious visitors from scraping
* Serve HTTP 1.1, HTTP/2 + SPDY client connections
* Serve all content with [HSTS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security) (6 month expiry)
* Continue serving the site in case Github goes down

CloudFlare DNS is configured to route requests for [www.]rempe.us through
its own CDN first and caches all content automatically.

Using CloudFlare SSL/TLS certificates I am able to achieve an [**A+** SSL/TLS test
rating from Qualys SSL Labs](https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html?d=rempe.us&latest)
for both IPv4 and IPv6 connections to [www.]rempe.us.

The entire website is also secured with a strict [Content Security Policy](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/security/content-security-policy/) that enforces that
all page assets (HTML, CSS, images, fonts, JavaScript, etc.) are served by the same origin
server, and all inline scripts and styles are prohibited. Violations are reported
in real-time via [report-uri.io](https://report-uri.io/).

#### Proof of Ownership

I [host a signed certificate on this site and domain](https://www.rempe.us/keybase.txt)
that allows you to cryptographically verify that I control all content here.
You can verify using [keybase.io/grempe](https://keybase.io/grempe).
