_pages/contact.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Contact
permalink: /contact/
---

Something I am passionate about is the ability for each of us to communicate freely
while maintaining a sense of privacy in our communications. The right to privacy
and security are not something given to us by governments, they are fundamental
human rights.

Privacy and security are not at odds with each other, and are essential to the
freedoms and liberties we enjoy. Strong encryption, used liberally, gives us
many of the tools we need to ensure we maintain these freedoms.

I would encourage you to learn more, and to make use of the tools at hand to
communicate with me. The [EFF Surveillance Self-Defense](https://ssd.eff.org){:target="_blank"}
pages are a great starting point.

### Email (low security)

My primary email address is hosted by Google. Feel free to send me PGP encrypted
email using [my PGP public keys](/keys/). Expectations of privacy are low.

* [glenn@rempe.us](mailto:glenn@rempe.us)

*Supports : Plain Text / Encrypted Text / Attached Photos / Attached Documents*


### Email (higher security)

* [grempe@protonmail.com](mailto:grempe@protonmail.com)

Sensitive emails should be sent to my [ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com) account.
ProtonMail is a secure email service based in Switzerland and uses
[end-to-end encryption](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End-to-end_encryption)
when possible.

If you also have an account with ProtonMail (which is free and anonymous),
and send email to me from that account, our emails will be end-to-end encrypted
(a good thing).

If you send from another email provider, our messages
may not be encrypted and may be stored on your mail server un-encrypted. In this
case please send me PGP encrypted email (in-line, not mime attached)
using [my PGP public email key](/keys/).

Get a free [ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com) account, its better for everyone.

*Supports : Plain Text / Encrypted Text / Attached Photos / Attached Documents*


### Signal

Open Whisper Systems [Signal](https://whispersystems.org) is currently thought
to be very secure by people that I respect in the security industry.  Signal
is my preferred method of secure contact and supports voice, group text, private
text, picture, and video messages. If you have my mobile number in your phone's contact list then
you can reach me with Signal. If you need my phone number to contact me
via Signal please request it via email.

*Supports : Text Messaging / Voice Calls / Photos / Videos*

### Apple FaceTime

I use [Apple FaceTime](https://www.apple.com/ios/facetime/) extensively. You can
contact me using FaceTime by adding my contact email address [glenn@rempe.us](mailto:glenn@rempe.us)
to your contacts on your Mac or iOS device.

*Supports : Text Messaging / Voice Calls / Video Calls / Photos / Videos*


### XMPP + OTR Chat

Learn more about [using XMPP+OTR+TOR in a great article](https://theintercept.com/2015/07/14/communicating-secret-watched/){:target="_blank"} by Micah Lee. Please contact me in advance if you wish to chat via XMPP + OTR.

{% highlight text %}
XMPP/Jabber Address: grempe@xmpp-hosting.de
XMPP Provider:       https://jabber.hot-chilli.net/
OTR Fingerprint:     C30A3B09 C7C0240A 5A0033CA B99267F1 642354B0
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight text %}
XMPP/Jabber Address: glenn@rempe.us
XMPP Provider:       Google Talk (Not federated XMPP)
OTR Fingerprint:     3A93A6EF 7A8A8850 52525538 09BDBBB9 76E93502
{% endhighlight %}

*Supports : Text Messaging*

Commit message:

Add Open Whisper Systems Signal app fingerprint

_pages/contact.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Contact
permalink: /contact/
---

Something I am passionate about is the ability for each of us to communicate freely
while maintaining a sense of privacy in our communications. The right to privacy
and security are not something given to us by governments, they are fundamental
human rights.

Privacy and security are not at odds with each other, and are essential to the
freedoms and liberties we enjoy. Strong encryption, used liberally, gives us
many of the tools we need to ensure we maintain these freedoms.

I would encourage you to learn more, and to make use of the tools at hand to
communicate with me. The [EFF Surveillance Self-Defense](https://ssd.eff.org){:target="_blank"}
pages are a great starting point.

### Email (low security)

My primary email address is hosted by Google. Feel free to send me PGP encrypted
email using [my PGP public keys](/keys/). Expectations of privacy are low.

* [glenn@rempe.us](mailto:glenn@rempe.us)

*Supports : Plain Text / Encrypted Text / Attached Photos / Attached Documents*


### Email (higher security)

* [grempe@protonmail.com](mailto:grempe@protonmail.com)

Sensitive emails should be sent to my [ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com) account.
ProtonMail is a secure email service based in Switzerland and uses
[end-to-end encryption](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End-to-end_encryption)
when possible.

If you also have an account with ProtonMail (which is free and anonymous),
and send email to me from that account, our emails will be end-to-end encrypted
(a good thing).

If you send from another email provider, our messages
may not be encrypted and may be stored on your mail server un-encrypted. In this
case please send me PGP encrypted email (in-line, not mime attached)
using [my PGP public email key](/keys/).

Get a free [ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com) account, its better for everyone.

*Supports : Plain Text / Encrypted Text / Attached Photos / Attached Documents*


### Signal

Open Whisper Systems [Signal](https://whispersystems.org) is currently thought
to be very secure by people that I respect in the security industry.  Signal
is my preferred method of secure contact and supports voice, group text, private
text, picture, and video messages. If you have my mobile number in your phone's contact list then
you can reach me with Signal. If you need my phone number to contact me
via Signal please request it via email.

My Fingerprint (mobile phone):

{% highlight text %}
05 22 c2 83 26 44 ac 16 7d
ff 3f a8 42 95 21 74 01 85
a9 e4 f5 04 40 04 8a 9f 5a
94 65 c9 22 9f 76
{% endhighlight %}

[How do I verify your fingerprint?](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-iOS/wiki/FAQ){:target="_blank"}
Within a Signal conversation, do a long press on my name at the top of the window.
It will show both my fingerprint and yours.

*Supports : Text Messaging / Voice Calls / Photos / Videos*

### Apple FaceTime

I use [Apple FaceTime](https://www.apple.com/ios/facetime/) extensively. You can
contact me using FaceTime by adding my contact email address [glenn@rempe.us](mailto:glenn@rempe.us)
to your contacts on your Mac or iOS device.

*Supports : Text Messaging / Voice Calls / Video Calls / Photos / Videos*


### XMPP + OTR Chat

Learn more about [using XMPP+OTR+TOR in a great article](https://theintercept.com/2015/07/14/communicating-secret-watched/){:target="_blank"} by Micah Lee. Please contact me in advance if you wish to chat via XMPP + OTR.

{% highlight text %}
XMPP/Jabber Address: grempe@xmpp-hosting.de
XMPP Provider:       https://jabber.hot-chilli.net/
OTR Fingerprint:     C30A3B09 C7C0240A 5A0033CA B99267F1 642354B0
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight text %}
XMPP/Jabber Address: glenn@rempe.us
XMPP Provider:       Google Talk (Not federated XMPP)
OTR Fingerprint:     3A93A6EF 7A8A8850 52525538 09BDBBB9 76E93502
{% endhighlight %}

*Supports : Text Messaging*
